docs: add flex component documentation (#236)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/utilities/flex/index.mdx

import {Heading} from '@twilio-paste/heading';
import {Paragraph} from '@twilio-paste/paragraph';
import {SidebarCategoryRoutes} from '../../../constants';
import {Callout, CalloutText} from '../../../components/callout';
import {DoDont, Do, Dont} from '../../../components/DoDont';
import Changelog from '@twilio-paste/flex/CHANGELOG.md';

export const pageQuery = graphql`
  {
    allPasteUtility(filter: {name: {eq: "@twilio-paste/flex"}}) {
      edges {
        node {
          name
          description
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/flex/"}}) {
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name="Flex"
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.UTILITIES}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/master/packages/paste-core/utilities/flex"
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/utilities-flex--flex-alignment-options"
  data={props.data.allPasteUtility.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<TableOfContents headings={props.data.mdx.headings} />

<content>

## Guidelines

<Paragraph>{props.pageContext.frontmatter.description}</Paragraph>

### About Flex

> Flex utilizes a simplified flexbox API that allow engineers more efficient ways to layout, align, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flex utilizes a simplified flexbox API that allows you more efficient ways to layout, align, and
```

distribute space among elements in a container. The Flex API helps take the confusion out of using

> flexbox CSS properties, by giving engineers simple methods to change properties like flex,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flexbox CSS properties, by giving you simple methods to change properties like flex,
```

I think you get the idea

flex-direction, flex-wrap, and so on.

Flexible elements can adapt to fill space within the layout. This allows Flex to work well for
product layouts or elements that change orientation, resize, stretch, or shrink.

The Flex API was created because flexbox can be a difficult CSS property to wrap your head around,
which leads to confusion on how it all works. If you’d like to learn more about flexbox, the
learning resources below provide further information:

- [MDN Learn Flexbox](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Flexbox)
- [CSS Tricks Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)

#### Accessibility

> When using Flex, one must keep in mind the reading order of the elements. This helps people with

Reviewer: We don't expose flex order, right? So if you can't override it or specifiy it, should we even mention this?

Author: Right. We're not exposing order so this could be dropped.

Author: I've swapped out with similar copy to `Box`.

      >
        Right area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
  </Flex>`}
</LivePreview>

### Composition Notes

The Flex component is used to compose flexible layout experiences. Let's look at an example
where we need to build a flexible content layout with two sidebars: its has a left sidebar,
a content area, and a right sidebar. Here's how we’ll compose the flexible layout using Flex:

<LivePreview scope={{Box, Flex}} language="jsx">
  {`<Flex>
    <Flex>
      <Box
        backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimaryLight"
        padding="space40"
        height="size20"
      >
        Left sidebar area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
    <Flex grow>
      <Box
        backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimaryLighter"
        padding="space40"
        width="100%"
        height="size20"
      >
        Content area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
    <Flex>
      <Box
        backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimaryLight"
        padding="space40"
        height="size20"
      >
        Right sidebar area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
  </Flex>`}
</LivePreview>

### When to use Flex

The Flex component should be used when a flexible layout is needed with a page layout or custom component layout.

> <DoDont>

Reviewer 2: I think we should always provide examples for DoDonts.  I want to change the API of that component soon to disallow `preview={false}`.

Author: I agree. I think we need them across the board. We have so few on the site. It'd be nice if we could find someone to do illustrations for the examples.

  <Do
    title="Do"
    body="Use Flex to build responsive experiences."
    preview={false}
  />
  <Dont
    title="Don't"
    body="Use Flex to set margins or padding within layouts and components."
    preview={false}
  />
</DoDont>

<DoDont>
  <Do
    title="Do"
    body="Use Flex to layout your page or custom component."
    preview={false}
  />
  <Dont
    title="Don't"
    body="Use Flex to without any child elements, because this is only a container element."
    preview={false}
  />
</DoDont>

<DoDont>
  <Do
    title="Do"
    body="Use Flex to build a flexible grid."
    preview={false}
  />
  <Dont
    title="Don't"
    body="Use inline CSS or classNames to add styles that Flex can provide."
    preview={false}
  />
</DoDont>

---

## Usage Guide

### API

#### Installation

```bash
yarn add @twilio-paste/flex
```

#### Usage

```jsx
import {Flex} from '@twilio-paste/flex';

> <Flex display="flex">

Author: Right. Totally unnecessary. Good catch.

  Foo

> </Flex>;

Reviewer 2: Extra semi-colon from prettier

```

#### Props

| Prop           | Type                                                | Description                   | Default |
| ---------------| ----------------------------------------------------| ----------------------------- | ------- |
| display?       | `string, ResponsiveValue<'flex', 'inline-flex'>`    | Display property              | 'flex'  |
| basis?         | `string, number, ResponsiveValue<string, number>`   | Flex basis property           |         |
| grow?          | `boolean, number, ResponsiveValue<boolean, number>` | Flex grow property            |         |

> | hAlignContent? | `string, number, ResponsiveValue<string, number>`   | Horizontal alignment property |         |

Reviewer 2: nit: can we flip this line so that the order goes 
```
grow
shrink
hAlign
vAlign
```

> | hAlignContent? | `string, number, ResponsiveValue<string, number>`   | Horizontal alignment property |         |

Author: @TheSisb I think these are up to date. Here are the current props we're passing:

```
  display?: Display;
  vertical?: Vertical;
  vAlignContent?: VerticalAlign;
  hAlignContent?: HorizontalAlign;
  grow?: Grow;
  shrink?: Shrink;
  basis?: Basis;
  wrap?: Wrap;
```

Let me know if I'm missing something.

      >
        Right area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
  </Flex>`}
</LivePreview>

### Composition Notes

The Flex component is used to compose flexible layout experiences. Let's look at an example
where we need to build a flexible content layout with two sidebars: its has a left sidebar,
a content area, and a right sidebar. Here's how we’ll compose the flexible layout using Flex:

<LivePreview scope={{Box, Flex}} language="jsx">
  {`<Flex>
    <Flex>
      <Box
        backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimaryLight"
        padding="space40"
        height="size20"
      >
        Left sidebar area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
    <Flex grow>
      <Box
        backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimaryLighter"
        padding="space40"
        width="100%"
        height="size20"
      >
        Content area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
    <Flex>
      <Box
        backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimaryLight"
        padding="space40"
        height="size20"
      >
        Right sidebar area
      </Box>
    </Flex>
  </Flex>`}
</LivePreview>

### When to use Flex

The Flex component should be used when a flexible layout is needed with a page layout or custom component layout.

<DoDont>

>   <Do

Reviewer: First do should pair with the last don't

    title="Do"
    body="Use Flex to build responsive experiences."
    preview={false}
  />
  <Dont
    title="Don't"
    body="Use Flex to set margins or padding within layouts and components."
    preview={false}
  />
</DoDont>

<DoDont>

>   <Do

Reviewer: The 2nd do should pair with the first don't

    title="Do"
    body="Use Flex to layout your page or custom component."
    preview={false}
  />

>   <Dont

Reviewer: Remove this as it feels redundant or like you needed an extra one

    title="Don't"
    body="Use Flex without any child elements, because this is only a container element."
    preview={false}
  />
</DoDont>

<DoDont>

>   <Do

Reviewer: remove the 3rd do as you're building the grid component so lets not advertise you building your own
